This is a synthetic pre-flight QA demo for a Shopify brand.
It is not connected to a client Gorgias account, and it is not a client case study.
The commercial scope is deliberately narrow.
One Shopify store, one Gorgias inbox, and two high-volume skills.
Where is my order and return requests?
These 15 synthetic tickets show the evaluation structure.
This order status case uses order context and approved policy sources to produce a test-only draft.
No shopper message is sent.
Returns are not all the same.
A policy question may produce a draft.
An eligible return that needs a label stays with the person because an admin action is required.
An out-of-window refund request is escalated because goodwill is a business decision.
The same handover rule applies to lost packages, damaged items, chargeback threats, missing data, or any answer that cannot be grounded in approved sources.
A paid sprint does not treat synthetic counts as performance. In seven days, I use 50 to 100 anonymized historical tickets to build the test matrix.
I audit Gorgias Knowledge, Guidance, Skills, tone, and handover rules, then run representative cases in Gorgias Test mode.
Your reviewer scores draft acceptance, major edits, routing agreement, unsafe false negatives, median review time, and unhandled cases.
Any unsafe false negative blocks go-live.
The fixed design-partner sprint is $750.
It ends with the scorecard, failure log, change log, SOP, and a go or no-go decision.
If Gorgias setup quality or launch risk is the blocker, let’s take 15 minutes to see whether this scope fits.